# Project 2 Database Security
Assume that the following requirements were collected for this application:
1.	The database keeps track of USER_ACCOUNTs. Each USER_ACCOUNT has a unique IdNo (assume this is a unique integer generated by the system for each new USER_ACCOUNT, such as 1, 2, 3, …), a Name (assume this is string consisting of an single initial and last name only for simplicity, such as “J.Smith” or “R.Wong”), and a Phone (a string of 12 characters such as “817-272-3000”).
2.	The database keeps track of PRIVILEGEs (SELECT, INSERT, DELETE, UPDATE, CREATETAB, etc.). The system should allow addition of new privileges as needed. There are two types of privileges: ACCOUNT_PRIVILEGEs and RELATION_PRIVILEGEs: each privilege belongs to only one of these two types.
3.	In addition to USER_ACCOUNTS, the system will keep track of USER_ROLEs. The roles are different for each database application, and new roles can be added at any time. Each USER_ROLE has a unique RoleName, plus possibly other attributes, such as Description.
4.	The database keeps track of TABLEs (these are the tables for a particular database schema). Each table has a unique TableName, and is related to a single USER_ACCOUNT who is the owner of the TABLE.
5.	The database will keep track of the current (active) RELATIONSHIPS as follows:
    o	The binary relationship between USER_ACCOUNTs and USER_ROLEs (assume that each USER_ACCOUNT is related to exactly one role).
    o	The binary relationship between USER_ROLEs and ACCOUNT_PRIVILEGES.
    o	The ternary relationship between USER_ROLEs, RELATION_PRIVILEGEs, and TABLEs.
6.	It is assumed that if a role is related to a particular privilege, then all user accounts related to that role will have that privilege
